Do you find me sadistic?
I bet I could
fry an egg on your forehead,
if I wanted to.
You know, my little one,
i like to believe
that you are aware enough,
even now,
to know that there is nothing sadistic
in my actions.
Maybe towards others ...
puppets,
not to you.
No, my little one,
the,
you see me
to my plus
masochistic.
Bill ...
it's your baby.
The fourth film
by QUENTIN TARANTINO
International Detachment
of the Assassinated Vipers
CHAPTER 1
No. 2
THE TOWN OF PASADENA, CALIFORNIA
I am coming !
Sarah, it's not true,
You are ahead !
Show what you got!
I'll get you, let's get it over with!
Come on, bitch.
Go ahead.
- Mom, I'm here.
- Hi baby.
How was the school ?
Mom, what happened to you
to you and to the house?
Your dirty dog
tumbled into the living room
and played the fool, that's all.
Barney did that?
Don't come in.
There is broken glass everywhere,
you could cut yourself.
She's an old friend
that mom had lost sight of.
Hello.
I am (!?@!!!)
What's your name ?
Her name is Nikki.
Nikki ...
A very pretty name
for a very pretty little girl.
How old are you, Nikki?
Nikki ...
(!? @ !!!) asked you a question.
I'm four.
Four years...
I had a little girl once.
She would be four years old today.
Now my baby
mom and her friend
have to talk between adults.
Go to your room and leave us
until I call you
Okay ?
Nikkia!
In your room, immediately.
Do you want some coffee ?
Yes, gladly.
This bourgeois from Pasadena
her name is Jeanne Bell.
Her husband is Dr. Lawrence Bell.
When we met
four years ago,
her name was Vernita Green.
His code name was
Copper Viper.
Mine, Black Mamba.
Do you have a towel?
Yes.
Thank you.
Still milk and sugar?
Is it a bit late for an apology?
Absoutely.
Bitch!
You plan to screw up the mess
in front of my little girl?
Relax, for now.
I will not kill you
in front of her, okay?
You are more reasonable
than Bill led him to believe.
I am devoid of mercy,
of compassion and pity,
no reason.
I know I hurt you.
A lot, even. I wish
the opposite, but I did.
You have all the rights
to want to be quit.
So that we are quit, my little one,
I would have to kill you,
that I go up to Nikki's, that I kill her,
that I wait for your husband to return,
good Dr Bell, and kill him.
There, we would be quits, Vernita.
There, we would put
the clocks to the hour.
If I could turn back time
I will do it.
But I can not.
Simply,
I'm not the same at all.
Well done.
- I do not care.
- Certainly.
I know I don't deserve
neither mercy nor forgiveness.
However,
I urge you to both
on behalf of my little girl.
Bitch ... stop right now.
That I don't wanna kill you
in front of your daughter
doesn't mean to shake it to me
under the nose will make me flex.
You and I have a score to settle.
And all that you did
over the next four years,
including getting knocked up,
will not change anything.
So when do we do this?
It depends.
When do you want to die
Tomorrow ? After tomorrow ?
- Why not tonight, bitch?
- Awesome. Where ?
There is a baseball field near here
where I train the kids.
We meet there around 2:30 a.m.
dressed all in black.
Your hair camouflaged in black stockings.
And we fight with knives.
No one will come and disturb us.
Now,
I cook Nikki's snack.
According to Bill, you are almost
unbeatable with a knife.
Fuck you, bitch.
I know he didn't put
flat.
So, I repeat,
fuck you, Black Mamba.
"Black Mamba" ...
It’s me who should have been
Black Mamba.
If you want to help yourself
with your butcher's knife, go ahead.
Very funny, bitch.
Very funny !
I really didn't want to
do this in front of you.
And I'm sorry about that.
But take my word for it.
Your mother had been looking for it.
When you grow up
if it still hurts you,
I will wait for you.
For a true warrior,
when he engages in a fight,
defeat your enemy
must be the only concern.
Suppresses all human emotion,
stifles all compassion ...
Kill whoever gets in your way,
be it God or Buddha himself.
LIST OF FIVE TO KILL
This is the very foundation
the art of combat.
BAISODROME
THE BRIDE WAS BLOOD
Four and a half years earlier in El Paso.
Then ?
Give me the details
the bloodiest, Son # 1.
It's a massacre, dad.
He executed all the guests,
in a gangster style.
Give me a number.
Nine corpses.
And that means all the smala.
The bride,
the groom,
Pastor,
the pastor's wife ...
They even shot
on the old black organist.
Obviously, someone was opposed
at this wedding and refused to be silent.
Well say so!
Like I said, daddy,
looks like a fucking squadron
of Nicaraguan death.
Mollo on swear words,
you are in a place of worship.
Sorry.
It's a professional job.
At first glance, henchmen
of the Mexican Mafia.
Four, maybe five.
Why do you say that ?
It is the work of a sure and firm hand.
Not that of a needy amateur ...
It is that of an old man of the old.
It shows in the cleanliness of the carnage ...
Although it looks
of an explosion of rage,
all colors are
below this line.
If you were crazy
you could almost admire.
- Who's the bride?
- I do not know.
The name on the certificate
marriage is Arlene Machiavelli.
It's a fake.
We called her "the bride"
because of her dress.
You can tell she was pregnant.
The killer must be damn twisted
for turning on such a beautiful girl.
Look at her.
Hair as golden as wheat ...
Big eyes.
A little angel stained with blood.
Son n ° 1 ...
that fucking cock eater
is not dead.
SHE DRIVER
member of "VIPÈRES ASSASSINES"
code name:Mountain Snake
I may never have loved you.
In fact, I despise you.
But do not deduce
that I disrespect you.
Die in his sleep
is a luxury than ours
can rarely afford.
It's a gift
that I do to you.
Hi, Bill.
What condition is she in?
In the coma.
Where is she ?
Just next to me.
Well done, my little one.
Her, you interrupt the mission.
We owe him better than that.
You don't owe him anything!
Lower your voice.
Can I say something?
Speak.
You all fall on him,
but she does not die.
I put a bullet in his head
but her heart continues to beat.
You saw it yourself,
of the beautiful blue eye that you have left.
No ?
We did a lot of things to him,
to this woman ...
and if she ever wakes up,
we will do much more to him.
But one thing we don't do
it's slipping into your room
in the middle of the night like a sewer rat
and kill her
in his sleep.
And why don't we do it?
Because...
that would bring us down.
Isn't it, Miss Driver?
I suppose.
Do you "assume"?
No I don't have to assume
I know.
Come home.
Affirmative.
I love you so much.
I love you too.
I find it rather funny, don't you?
A word of advice, bitch.
Never wake up.
Four years later.
There, you see me ...
to my most masochistic ...
Bill, it's your baby.
My baby !
Four years...
Four years.
It's $ 75 a shot.
Do you take, yes or shit?
Downright !
Here are the rules.
Rule n ° 1:don't knock.
If tomorrow she has a shell
or fewer teeth, finished.
So no gnons, no matter what.
By the way, that bitch is drooling.
Question of reflex.
But whether she drools or not, no gnons.
Are we clear on rule # 1?
Well. Rule n ° 2:
no bite, no hickey.
In fact, leave no trace.
Other than that, good stuff.
Its plumbing sucks,
so you can cum inside her.
Don't mess around.
I'll be back in twenty minutes.
By the way...
Sometimes her pussy stays drier
than a sandbox.
In this case, lubricate with that.
Bon appétit, old man.
You are the hottest girl
that I'm banging today.
Hey, the stallion! It's time.
I'm going in whether you're done or not.
Did you have a good time?
Where's Bill?
Stopped...
- I don't know who Bill is!
- Liar !
Hey, you're even more cute
that I had been told.
"Jeanne X" ... The total unknown.
I'm from Huntsville, Texas.
My name is Buckaroo,
and I come to take a shot.
"Buckaroo", right?
"And you're coming to take a shot", right?
"Baisodrome"
Assfucked!
Texas...
BAISODROME
Wiggle the big toe.
Stretched out in the back seat,
trying to get out of my paralysis ...
I saw the faces
of my bastards of aggressors
and the motherfucker running them.
All members
of the International Detachment
of the Assassinated Vipers.
When fortune smiles on violence
and the ugliness of revenge,
it seems irrefutable proof
not only that God exists,
but that we carry out our will.
While I was ignorant of everything
of my enemies,
the first on my list, O-Ren Ishii,
was the easiest to find.
When we assume the delicate function
of Tokyo Crime Queen,
we don't make it a secret ...
O-REN ISHII
member of "VIPÈRES ASSASSINES"
code name:Water Moccasin
THE ORIGINS OF O-REN
O-Ren Ishii was born
on an American base in Tokyo.
Military girl,
half Japanese, half Chinese-American,
she discovered death
at the age of nine
when she attended
on the death of his parents
from the hand of Chief Yakuza
the fiercest in Japan,
Boss Matsumoto.
GROAN
Mom !
She swore revenge.
Lucky for her,
Boss Matsumoto
was a pedophile.
At 11, she managed to get revenge.
Look at me.
Take a good look at my face.
Look at my eyes.
Look at my mouth.
I don't remind you of anything?
I don't look like someone
that you murdered?
At 20,
she was one of the most
great killers of the world.
At 25, she participated
the slaughter of nine innocent people,
including my unborn daughter,
in a small chapel
from El Paso, Texas.
But that day,
four years ago,
she made a big mistake.
She should have killed ten.
However,
before I get satisfaction ...
let's proceed in order.
Wiggle the big toe.
The hardest thing is done.
Now,
if we made the others wiggle ...
Thirteen hours later
Welcome to Air O.
I can help you ?
Okinawa. One way ticket.
THE OKINAWA MAN
OKINAWA ISLAND, JAPAN
Hello.
Welcome.
You are english ?
Almost. American.
So, welcome, American.
My English is excellent.
You said domo.
Do you speak Japanese?
No. Just a few words
that I learned since yesterday.
- Can I sit at the bar?
- Sure ! You're welcome.
What other words have you learned?
A moment.
We have clients. Quick tea!
I watch my soap operas!
Shit.
Dirty sloth ...
Who cares, your soap operas!
It is boiling,
give it to him for once.
Shut up ! Get your ass!
Sorry.
What else in Japanese?
Let's see ...
I already said domo, right?
Repeat.
Perfect. Very well.
Tell you japanese words
as if you Japanese.
You are laughing at me !
Very serious !
Very good pronunciation.
Tell you Arigato
as Arigato tell us.
Thanks. Sorry:Arigato.
You should learn Japanese.
Very easy.
It seems it's pretty hard.
Very difficult !
But you have Japanese language.
So is this tea coming?
Hurry up, shit!
Train-slipper ...
What do you want ?
Sorry ?
To drink.
A bottle of hot sake.
Hot sake? Excellent!
Hot sake!
Sake? In the middle of the day?
Morning, evening, afternoon, who cares?
Go get the sake!
Why am I always going there?
Listen to me carefully !
For thirty years,
I'm just looking for the sake.
We would be in the army
I would already be a general.
Ah, would you be a general?
If you were a general, I would be emperor.
And you would stay on sake chore!
So close it and go get it!
Pigeon?
I am neither bald nor deaf!
Sorry.
First time in Japan?
What brings you to Okinawa?
I came to see a man.
Got a friend in Okinawa?
Not quite.
Not a friend?
I never saw it.
Never ?
Who is this, if I may?
Hattori Hanzo.
What do you want with him?
I need a Japanese blade.
And why do you need it?
I have vermin to exterminate.
You must have some really big rats,
to have recourse to Hattori Hanzo.
Huge.
I can ?
You can.
Wait.
Try the second from the top.
It's funny.
You like samurai swords ...
me, i like baseball.
I wanted to show them to you.
However,
you who know so much,
surely also know
that I no longer manufacture
instruments of death.
What i have here
I keep it for its value
aesthetic and emotional.
But so proud that I am
of my work,
I retired.
So give me one of them.
These are not for sale.
I didn't say "sell me",
I said "Give it to me".
Why should I help you?
Because my vermin is
one of your former students.
And seen the student,
I would say your obligation
is size.
You can sleep here.
It will take me a month
to make this saber.
Spend it practicing.
A MONTH LATER
I finished
what i swore
twenty-eight years ago
never to do again.
I created
"something that kills people".
And from this point of view,
I succeeded.
I did it
because philosophically,
I sympathize with your quest.
I say it without vanity,
it is the most beautiful saber
of my career.
If on the way you meet God,
He would be cut to pieces.
Warrior with golden hair ...
go.
BATTLE STORED AT THE "BLUE VILLA"
It's a year later
the massacre of El Paso, Texas,
that Bill supported his Japanese protege
financially and morally
in his Shakespearean fight
against the other Yakuza clans
for defect control
in the city of Tokyo.
When the last sword was sheathed,
it was O-Ren Ishii and his gang,
the Crazy 88s,
who emerged victorious.
The pretty woman to the right of O-Ren,
dressed as a villain from Star Trek,
is O-Ren's lawyer,
her best friend and her lieutenant,
half-French, half-Japanese:
Sophie Fatale.
Another former protégé of Bill.
The young schoolgirl in uniform is
O-Ren's personal bodyguard,
Gogo Yubari, 17 years old.
Gogo may be young,
but his youth is compensated
by the excess of his madness.
Do you like Ferraris?
Ferrari ... Italian shit.
Do you want to fuck with me?
Do not laugh.
Do you want to fuck me, yes or no?
Yes.
What now, my big one?
You still want to penetrate me ...
where is it me
who penetrated you?
Do you see what I mean?
The bald man in Kato costume and mask
his name is Johnny Mo,
the head of the personal army
from O-Ren, the Crazy 88s.
And if you are wondering
how a half-blood
Chinese-Japanese-American
becomes the godfather
of all the Tokyo sponsors ...
I'll tell you.
O-Ren's blood and nationality
were not mentioned
that once in the Council,
the same evening
where O-Ren seized power there.
This apparently determined man
to break the atmosphere is Boss Tanaka.
And Boss Tanaka doesn't think
only one thing ...
Boss Tanaka!
What does this sparkle mean?
In full celebration!
What are we celebrating, exactly?
Perversion
of our illustrious Council?
Tanaka, are you losing your mind?
It's intolerable !
You insult our sister. Apologize !
Tanaka-San,
what perversion are you talking about?
My father,
with yours,
founded this Council.
And while you laugh stupidly,
four hundred ninety seven
they cry in the afterlife ...
Quite !
... on perversion
perpetrated today!
It is a scandal !
You are insulting this Council.
You bastard!
Motherfucker !
Gentlemen ...
Tanaka obviously has something
that worries him.
Thanks,
allow him to express himself.
I'm talking about perversion
inflicted on this Council,
that I love
more than my own children,
by the election at its head of a mixed race
Chinese, Japanese and American!
To show you how
I'm serious,
I'll tell you this in English.
As your leader,
I encourage you, sometimes,
but always respectfully,
to question my choices.
If you are not convinced
by one of my choices, tell me.
But let me also
to convince you, and I promise you
that no subject will ever be taboo.
Except, of course,
the one just discussed.
And whoever
will affect my origins
of a negative connotation
will pay for it with his fucking head.
Like that junk.
And now if any of you dogs
has something to add,
it's now or never !
That is what I thought.
Gentlemen, the meeting is adjourned.
A ticket to Tokyo.
Gogo.
Say yes to everything
even the most selfish stuff.
They demand ridiculous stuff.
Shut your mouth. If they heard you ...
What would happen?
Think of the Tanaka clan.
Do you want your head cut off?
I wouldn't like that.
Yes it's me.
Give me your number,
we will call you back.
You !
Who do you remind me of?
To Charlie Brown!
That's right, it looks like Charlie Brown!
Charlie Brown.
Four pizzas with peppers.
It's not on the menu.
I don't care, bring them!
Say, Charlie, are you giving me a kiss?
O-Ren Ishii!
We have a score to settle!
(!? @ !!!)
Charlie Brown, leave us.
Miki.
Gut that bitch for me!
So, O-Ren,
you have other underlings
to get me killed?
Gogo, is that it?
Bingo.
And you, you are Black Mamba.
Our reputations precede us.
Is not it ?
I know you have to
protect your mistress,
but I beg you,
go away.
Do you call that begging?
Beg better than that.
That's what I think ?
You really believed
that it would be so easy?
You know...
a moment, there,
yes, I believed it.
Ugly little bunny.
- Who played the most ...
- ... smart.
Here is
what happens when we're kidding
with the yakuza.
Go back to your mother.
Those who are still alive,
take the opportunity to stay that way,
pull yourself!
Corn...
let the members
that you have lost.
Now they belong to me.
Except you, Sophie!
You don't move.
Very impressive, your instrument.
Where was it made?
In Okinawa.
Who in Okinawa
made you this blade?
Hattori Hanzo.
You lie !
Swords never run out.
I hope you kept
all your energy.
Otherwise...
you won't last five minutes.
As a backdrop to die,
you could have fallen worse.
Poor little white goose who loves
play with samurai swords.
If you don't know how to fight like a samurai,
at least you will die as a samurai.
Attack me
give all you have.
For having ridiculed you earlier,
I'm sorry.
I accept them.
Ready?
Come.
The sword
was really signed
Hattori Hanzo.
Sophie ...
My Sophie ...
I'm sorry.
Sorry for betraying you.
Let's stop talking about it.
However...
Yet nothing ...
if not that my heart bleeds
in front of what she did to my Sophie.
I kept you alive for two reasons.
First of all,
for information.
I'll ask you a few questions.
Every time you don't answer
I'll cut you something.
And believe me
you will miss it.
Give me your arm.
Tell me everything
on the Assassinated Vipers.
If you had to guess ...
why she left you alive ...
what would you say?
No need to guess,
she told me.
She left me my bitch of life
for two reasons.
Like I told you, I leave you
your bitch of life for two reasons.
And the second,
it is for you to report to him,
in person,
everything that happened here tonight.
I want him to measure
the extent of my mercy
seeing what's left of your body.
I want you to tell her
everything you told me.
Let him know what I know.
Let him know that I want him to know.
And let them all know
that they will all soon be
as dead as O-Ren.
LIST OF FIVE TO KILL
Revenge is never
a straight line.
It is a forest.
It is therefore easy to get lost ...
get lost,
forget where we entered.
This woman
deserves his revenge.
And...
we deserve to die.
She must be in pain
until his last breath.
How did you find me
I'm the best.
By the way, Sophie ...
Does she know that her daughter
is still alive?